Add EE docs (#18)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/getting_started_ee/build_execution_environment.rst

.. _building_execution_environments:

######################
Building your first EE
######################

> We are going to build an EE that represents an Ansible control node containing standard packages like ``ansible-core`` and Python in addition to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are going to build an EE that represents an Ansible control node containing standard packages such as ``ansible-core`` and Python in addition to
```

an Ansible collection (``community.postgresql``) and its dependency (the ``psycopg2-binary`` Python connector).

> To build your first ee, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build your first EE:
```

1. Create a project folder on your filesystem.

.. code-block:: bash

  mkdir my_first_ee && cd my_first_ee

2. Create a ``execution-environment.yml`` file that specifies dependencies to include in the image.

.. code-block:: yaml

  cat > execution-environment.yml<<EOF
  ---
  version: 3

  dependencies:
    galaxy:
      collections:
      - name: community.postgresql
  EOF

.. note::

  The ``psycopg2-binary`` Python package is included in the ``requirements.txt`` file for the collection.

>   For collections that do not include ``requirements.txt`` files, you need to specify Python dependencies explicitly.

Reviewer: might be a  good place to add 'See the Builder documentation  for details.'  And make that an external link

Author: Yeah, i think it's a right place and a good exception to include the link
